[music]
a
[music] The
endless night, the endless night, the abyss of madness, the first
light shines down on
humanity, the land that loves us, the path of birth, spreading the good news,
spreading the good news throughout the three
worlds, the light shines brightly on
humanity, the land that loves us, born here,
together, come here, B, bring sincere hearts,
sign and offer songs, bring songs to
celebrate the Buddha, the Buddha,
let us bring love, give love,
make it exist in all regions of the world, give
each other seeds of life, one night, the path of birth,
la
la, we go against the current, swimming with virtue, what kind of thing is it,
we go sideways, we are born, together we
sing, together we sing,
together we welcome, we go.  Let's have fun,
let's have fun, now let's burn everything that's been
born.  La la.
The dark night, the dark night, the
circle of darkness, the great light of God descends upon
humanity, the holy hymn, the
joyful news, together with the three thousand worlds,
look, the mountain shines down upon humanity, the Buddha is born,
come here together, come
here together, bringing pure hearts,
offering songs of joy, bringing songs of
praise to the Buddha, the children, bring
love, give love, do
everything, the world together, give each other seeds of life, the
Buddha has been born
[music] to the world, a glorious moment,
together with the Buddha, let's sing together, we are
born together, together,
let's celebrate peace, let's do it
happily, let's do it happily, under the Buddha's
birth, our home together, tomorrow we will celebrate the Buddha, let's sing together, let's
sing together, let's
welcome peace, let's do love happily,
let's do love happily, now the Buddha is born, let's sing together, let's sing together, let's sing together, let's all come here together, we are together, we are together, we are welcoming peace, let's do love happily, let's do it happily,
let's do it happily, let's do it happily,
let's do it happily, waiting for the Buddha to be born
La la la
[music]
Yeah.
[Applause]
[Music]